Jpraynaud/mithril update 2025 05 28 (#601)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-05-28-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-05-28-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team focused on the support for Cardano v10.4.1 and UTxO-HD in the aggregator, signer, and client.
> 
> They continued working on the DMQ node implementation, advancing the implementation of the local message submission and local message notification node-to-client mini-protocols in the Pallas library. They also worked on extending the aggregator metrics to record the usage of different client types.
> 
> Finally, they addressed a bug on the Cardano DB v2 snapshot which prevented a full restoration, and continued refactoring the STM cryptographic library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team focused on supporting Cardano node v.10.4.1 and UTXO-HD in the aggregator, signer, and client.

They continued working on the DMQ node implementation, advancing the implementation of the local message submission and local message notification node-to-client mini-protocols in the Pallas library. They also worked on extending the aggregator metrics to record the usage of different client types.

Finally, they fixed a bug in the Cardano DB v2 snapshot that prevented full restoration and continued refactoring the STM cryptographic library.
```
